Guidelines
Only grade the work that was turned in the Git repository of the evaluated student or group.

Double-check that the Git repository belongs to the student(s). Ensure that the project is the one expected. Also, check that 'git clone' is used in an empty folder.

Check carefully that no malicious aliases was used to fool you and make you evaluate something that is not the content of the official repository.

To avoid any surprises and if applicable, review together any scripts used to facilitate the grading (scripts for testing or automation).

If you have not completed the assignment you are going to evaluate, you have to read the entire subject prior to starting the evaluation process.

Use the available flags to report an empty repository, a non-functioning program, a Norm error, cheating, and so forth. In these cases, the evaluation process ends and the final grade is 0, or -42 in case of cheating. However, except for cheating, student are strongly encouraged to review together the work that was turned in, in order to identify any mistakes that shouldn't be repeated in the future.

Remember that for the duration of the defence, no segfault, no other unexpected, premature, uncontrolled or unexpected termination of the program, else the final grade is 0. Use the appropriate flag. You should never have to edit any file except the configuration file if it exists. If you want to edit a file, take the time to explicit the reasons with the evaluated student and make sure both of you are okay with this.

You must also verify the absence of memory leaks. Any memory allocated on the heap must be properly freed before the end of execution. You are allowed to use any of the different tools available on the computer, such as leaks, valgrind, or e_fence. In case of memory leaks, tick the appropriate flag.

Prerequisites

The code must compile with c++ and the flags -Wall -Wextra -Werror
Don't forget this project has to follow the C++98 standard. Thus,
C++11 (and later) functions or containers are NOT expected.

Any of these means you must not grade the exercise in question:

* A function is implemented in a header file (except for template functions).
* A Makefile compiles without the required flags and/or another compiler than c++.

Any of these means that you must flag the project with "Forbidden
Function":

* Use of a "C" function (*alloc, *printf, free).
* Use of a function not allowed in the exercise guidelines.
* Use of "using namespace <ns_name>" or the "friend" keyword.
* Use of an external library, or features from versions other than C++98.

Ex00: Mommy, when I grow up, I want to be a bureaucrat!
As usual, there has to be the main function that contains enough tests to prove the program works as expected. If there isn't, do not grade this exercise. If any non-interface class is not in orthodox canonical class form, do not grade this exercise.

First check

There is a Makefile that compiles using the appropriate flags.
There is a Bureaucrat class. It has a constant name
It has a grade that ranges from 1 (highest) to 150 (lowest).
Exceptions are thrown when trying to create a Bureaucrat with a grade
that is too high or too low.
There are accessors for the attributes
There are functions to increment / decrement the grade,
They throw exceptions when it's appropriate. Remember that incrementing a
grade 3 will give you a grade 2 (1 is the highest).
The exceptions that are used inherit from std::exception, or from
something derived from std::exception (i.e. they are catchable as
std::exception & e).
There is a << operator to ostream overload that outputs the info of the
Bureaucrat.

Ex01: Form up, maggots!
As usual, there has to be the main function that contains enough tests to prove the program works as expected. If there isn't, do not grade this exercise. If any non-interface class is not in orthodox canonical class form, do not grade this exercise.

There is a Makefile that compiles using the appropriate flags. There is a Form class. It has a name, a bool that indicates whether is it signed (at the beginning it's not), a grade required to sign it, and a grade required to execute it. The names and grades are constant. All these attributes are private and not protected. The grades of the forms follow the same constraints as the Bureaucrat's (exceptions, 1 = highest 150 = lowest, and so forth). There are accessors for the attributes and a << operator to ostream overload that displays the complete state of the Form. There is a Form::beSigned() member function that works as described by the subject. There is a Bureaucrat::signForm() function that works as described by the subject.

Ex02: No, you need form 28B, not 28C...
As usual, there has to be the main function that contains enough tests to prove the program works as expected. If there isn't, do not grade this exercise. If any non-interface class is not in orthodox canonical class form, do not grade this exercise.

Forms that actually do something

There is a Makefile that compiles using the appropriate flags
There are concrete forms that are conform to the specifications of the
subject (required grades, names and actions).
They take only one parameter in their constructor, which is their target.
There is a AForm::execute(Bureaucrat const & executor) method that works
as specified by the subject.
Either this method is pure and the grade checks are implemented in each
subclass, or this method performs the checks, then calls another method
in derived class that only executes the action.
Both of these techniques are valid.
There is a Bureaucrat::executeForm(AForm const & form) that works as
specified by the subject.

Ex03: At least this beats coffee-making
As usual, there has to be the main function that contains enough tests to prove the program works as expected. If there isn't, do not grade this exercise. If any non-interface class is not in orthodox canonical class form, do not grade this exercise.

Intern

There is a Makefile that compiles using the appropriate flags.
There is an Intern class
It has a makeForm() function that works as specified by the subject.

Good dispatching

The makeForm() function should use some kind of array of pointers to member
functions to handle the creation of Forms.
If it's using an unclean method, like if/elseif/elseif/else branchings, or
some other ugly stuff like this, please count this as wrong.
