------ Prerequisites ------
The code must compile with c++ and the flags -Wall -Wextra -Werror
Don't forget this project has to follow the C++98 standard. Thus,
C++11 (and later) are NOT expected.
The purpose of this module is to use the STL. Then, using the
containers and the algorithms is authorized.

Any of these means you must not grade the exercise in question:

* A function is implemented in a header file (except for template functions).
* A Makefile compiles without the required flags and/or another compiler than c++.

Any of these means that you must flag the project with "Forbidden
Function":

* Use of a "C" function (*alloc, *printf, free).
* Use of a function not allowed in the exercise guidelines.
* Use of "using namespace <ns_name>" or the "friend" keyword.
* Use of an external library, or features from versions other than C++98.

------ Exercise 00: Easy find ------
As usual, there has to be enough tests to prove the program works as expected.
If there isn't, do not grade this exercise.
If any non-interface class is not in orthodox canonical class form, do not grade this exercise.

Template function
There is a templated function easyfind(T, int) that does what the
subject requires.
It HAS to use STL algorithms.
If it does not use them count it as wrong. (For example: a manual
search using iterators)

------ Exercise 01: Span ------
As usual, there has to be enough tests to prove the program works as expected.
If there isn't, do not grade this exercise.
If any non-interface class is not in orthodox canonical class form, do not grade this exercise.

Class and member functions
There is a class that complies with the requirements of the subject.
Its member functions use STL algorithms to find their result as much as
possible. Finding the shortest span can't be done only by subtracting
the two lowest numbers (take a closer look at the subject example).

Improved addNumber function
There's a way to add numbers that's more practical than calling the
addNumber() function repeatedly.

------ Exercise 02: Mutated abomination ------
As usual, there has to be enough tests to prove the program works as expected.
If there isn't, do not grade this exercise.
If any non-interface class is not in orthodox canonical class form, do not grade this exercise.

MutantStack class
There is a MutantStack class that offers all of std::stack methods.
It must contain an iterator.
Also, it is possible to do at least the operations shown in the subject's examples using iterators.

Better tests
There is a at least a main() function that has more tests than the ones
from the subject.
